#Version 1.5.5
FIXED: issue #24 fixing the proper storing of battles finishing in a draw
FIXED: the empty name of the circus turma button on the gladiator profile page
ADDED: check for verifying if server is active, before adding any content to gladiator profile page
FIXED: version log on the gft about dialog didn't appeared in firefox 4

#Version 1.5.4
FIXED: issue #23 fixing the proper storing of battles made trough circus turma

#Version 1.5.3
FIXED: small bug fixes

#Version 1.5.2
CHANGED: Improved exception handling
FIXED: Database query bug (issue #17-4)
ADDED: Dutch translation

#Version 1.5.1
ADDED: Spanish translation. Translator asked to stay anonymous.

#Version 1.5
CHANGED: The addon supports gladiatus version 0.8.* and 0.9
ADDED: Circus turma battles are stored and evaluated also.
ADDED: Fight through circus turma button on gladiator profile page.
ADDED: Level-Bashing notification when you attack someone out of your range. Could be switched on/off, because in some countries is no such rule.
FIXED: All functions related to the internal database have been rewritten, refactored and all known bugs were fixed
FIXED: Database queries are adjusted, verified and fixed
CHANGED: Better design for the about window
ADDED: New filters for the battles overview: min/max level, server, location, attack type, exlude allies
CHANGED: next possible attack column in battles overview is now sortable also
ADDED: Exception handling with ability to report errors directly to project page
FIXED: Battles parsing was adjusted to the new source. No wrong data is saved anymore.
CHANGED: Parsing of data is now more secure, faster and reliable
FIXED: If you are attacked by someone and loose the battle experience raised is now 0
ADDED: Filter location on gladiator profile and your own gladiator page
CHANGED: Formula for real chance for win has been changed
CHANGED: Battles overview navigation is made now now throug entries not pages
CHANGED: Fighting through battles overview is now disabled by default(see T&amp;C of Gameforge for more info). To enabled it use the options.
ADDED: New action on battles overlay context menu: show gladiator profile
CHANGED: Option for collapsing the battles overview after successful battle
ADDED: Color my allies in green option on gladiator profile page
ADDED: Option to choose the position of the battles table on gladiator/your own profile page
FIXED: Some hard coded translations are now locale depended as well
ADDED: Remove fight buttons options related to level-bashing
ADDED: You can choose now the default double click action on battles overview
ADDED: Default values options for battles overview
FIXED: Some bugs related to tabs browser
CHANGED: Options dialog is no longer resizeable, layout was fixed
ADDED: Warning is showed if you are going to bash someone with the next attack

#Version 1.4.1
FIXED: The addon was adjusted for gladiatus version 0.8.0
CHANGED: Options dialog is resizable now.
CHANGED: french translation is now fully completed.

#Version 1.4
FIXED: The values displayed in the battle overlay were completly wrong.
ADDED: Ability to fight on the arena or cirkus turma directly from the battle overlay(double click or right click use the context menu).
ADDED: Almost all visual elements could be managed now through the options.
ADDED: Two different fight strategies can be choosen according to the specific rules of your server.
ADDED: The bashing rules can be manually adjusted.
ADDED: The whole addon is placed under single global namespace (GFT) avoiding possible conflicts with other addons.
FIXED: Battle time is now parsed from the reports. Different timezones are also respected.
ADDED: French translation. Thanks to Sebastien BAILLY!
FIXED: Various visual and logical bugs.

#Version 1.3
ADDED: Battle GUI added. It allows you to search battles
UPDATE: Some visual changes
UPDATE: The addon was adjusted for gladiatus v0.6.0

#Version 1.2.2
CHANGED: wrong locale string caused bug in displaying of the battle table

#Version 1.2.1
FIXED: various database function, returning incorrect data for multiple servers

#Version 1.2
CHANGED: Design of the battle statistic table has changed (opponent and own player pages)
ADDED: One more period column in the battle statistics menu (opponent and own player pages)
CHANGED: Battles for last 24h was removed and replaced by attacks count for the chosen time period (opponent page)
ADDED: Defenses attack count (opponent page)
ADDED: The chosen time period is now highlighted, default is always one day (later should be an option)
ADDED: Attacks count and defenses count for the chosen time period (own player page)
ADDED: Gold raised and lost for the chosen time period (own player page)
ADDED: Chance for win depending on the battles for the chosen time period (own player page)
REMOVED: The options link in the addons view, because options are still not available

#Version 1.1
FIXED: fixed display bug of the battle table on the player page which caused the values to be showed next to the headers
ADDED: now can be chosen the time period for the battle table statistics
ADDED: real chance change. it shows if your real chance for win compared with the previous day chance for win become better or worser
FIXED: the statistics on your own gladiator page are now corrected 

#Version 1.0.1
ADD: Multiple server support
ADD: Bulgarian and german languages 

#Version 1.0
Initial version